Fix NPE on SELECT query followed by DELETE query (#11604)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

Fixes
=====

> - Fixed an issue that caused NPE on SELECT queries filtered by dynamic field of
>   the ignored object followed by a DELETE query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that could cause a ``NullPointerException`` if a user invoked a ``SELECT`` statement with a predicate on a ``OBJECT (ignored)`` column immediately after a ``DELETE`` statement.
```
